>> Sean Larkin: And you'll notice that
actually, Webpack ran successfully.
And so but there's no config!
There's no config.
So Webpack by default,
before Webpack 4, you
really were only required to specify two
properties, your input and your output.
And we were like,
we don't need to do that.
People don't need to do that.
If we do it by default, then people
don't even have to use a config.
And they can get started really easily,
like you all have done today,
just using Webpack for
the first time, literally, just now.
Webpack looks for an entry property and
we default to source and then index.js.
And actually,
we don't even specify that much.
We just say,
I think that is all we provide there.
So let's say down the road, you add a
config and you wanna support type script.
It could just be index.ts and you'd never
have to provide that entry property.
So but
you do see this really helpful warning and
we say hey, you didn't set a mod option.
You really should.
We fell back to production mode anyway but
here's where you can learn some more.
And we'll cover what mode is.
But so now, we can actually
run Webpack from our scripts.
We have access to run it now.
This is what we would
pass to our CI system.
We'd have node installed and
we would just run this command
after doing an mpm install.
And so, but we can take it a step further.
mpm has this awesome
capability to compose scripts.
So or I guess I should say it started
with mpm and yarn supports it as well.
So let's say running just npm webpack,
there might be different environments
that you wanna build in.
And so much that we're enforcing
you now to think about that,
that we have a mode property that
specifies development or production.
If you can provide that
like that information like
I'm just my local div
environment until webpack that.
We created this property, so
we could optimize for build speed over
production quality or vice versa
depending on what mode you're in.
And so,
you have the ability to compose scripts.
So if you wanted to pass let's say a mode,
like the mode property to webpack without
the config, you can still do so but
we don't wanna have to basically write
out this command every single time and
we can just call the original command but
just add on to it, so
add a dev property nd
you can actually call an existing command,
so npm run webpack.
And then, with this syntax here,
so this --, this
basically says pipe in the next
arguments onto the original commands.
So I can say this --mode development.
So now, you can compose without
having to basically rewrite like,
when these get pretty large or
over the top, you're gonna start noticing
that like you have a billion scripts here.
And so, you, if you need to make a change,
you wanna make a change once and
it affects the other commands as desired.
And so, why don't we just try running
this and see what it gives us.
So, npm run dev.
And you could even see, it
even tells you hey, it took this and then
now we just converted it to this here.
And there we go,
even the feedback has changed.
Like if you look at the top,
you get some slightly different
reporting information, instead now,
we show instead of ID's for the modules,
we show the source path to the module.
We even formated in a way that like if
you're using, whose using VS code here?
If you haven't tried yet,
dip yourself into the water and try it for
the first time and you'll never go back
to anything else, I'll just say that.
[LAUGH] Unless like you're
working on java all day and
you might need Intel ja or whatever.
But vs code is so nice, it's like it can
provide you with this whole string and
I can click command and boom,
instantly into the module.
And you'll see here,
like I don't even have anything in here.
Web pack can still consume that though.
It's just looking for that results
file and it collects the source.
So, why don't we, now dev is not
gonna be your only environment.
Why don't we add a prod script as well?
So, prod and we'll do the same thing
expect our mode is gonna be production.
>> Sean Larkin: And let's run it.
I keep forgetting, npm run prod.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go.
So this is back to the original
default that Webpack falls back
to if you're not providing a mode.
But we really feel the obligation
to encourage you to
think about having two different
environments for your build.
It's super important, it's what can
allow you to have faster builds or
more optimized builds.
>> Sean Larkin: So let's see here,
we could probably take this code.
[SOUND] Why don't we just
commit it to our, well,
I don't wanna commit to this branch.
Maybe I'll just jump to the next one here.
So we have a bunch of branches and
I kinda have little micro steps.
So the next one is debug scripts.
So essentially,
I love providing escape hatches.
Who has ever even debugged
a node process before?
One of the most painful things is
trying to console log your way
through a node app or a node script and
it's no different if you're wanting to
debug why webpack is doing something.
And so, let's see if we can check it out.
git checkout feature/0,
what did I call it?
Zero three?
Let's try it.
Okay.
>> Sean Larkin: Yeah,
why don't we just jump straight to it?
And then, I'm just gonna use force
because it's probably gonna be like but
you have unstaged changes.
There we go.